<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#TijsVerkoyen_Twitter">TijsVerkoyen\Twitter</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\Twitter" href="../../classes/TijsVerkoyen_Twitter_Twitter.xhtml">Twitter</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">applicationRateLimitStatus</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/thirdparty/twitter/Twitter.php.xhtml#line3121">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\Twitter::</small>applicationRateLimitStatus</h1>
        <h4>Returns the current rate limits for methods belonging to the specified resource families.</h4>
        <p>Each 1.1 API resource belongs to a "resource family" which is indicated in its method documentation. You can typically determine a method's resource family from the first component of the path after the resource version.
This method responds with a map of methods belonging to the families specified by the resources parameter, the current remaining uses for each of those resources within the current rate limiting window, and its expiration time in epoch time. It also includes a rate_limit_context field that indicates the current access token context.
You may also issue requests to this method without any parameters to receive a map of all rate limited GET methods. If your application only uses a few of methods, please explicitly provide a resources parameter with the specified resource families you work with.</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function applicationRateLimitStatus([array
        $resources = null] )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$resources</code>
                —
                array</dt>
          <dd>A comma-separated list of resource families you want to know the current rate limit disposition for. For best performance, only specify the resource families pertinent to your application.</dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>string</dt>
          <dd/>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
