<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#TijsVerkoyen_Twitter">TijsVerkoyen\Twitter</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\Twitter" href="../../classes/TijsVerkoyen_Twitter_Twitter.xhtml">Twitter</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">geoReverseGeoCode</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/thirdparty/twitter/Twitter.php.xhtml#line2723">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\Twitter::</small>geoReverseGeoCode</h1>
        <h4>Given a latitude and a longitude, searches for up to 20 places that can be used as a place_id when updating a status.</h4>
        <p>This request is an informative call and will deliver generalized results about geography.</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function geoReverseGeoCode(float
        $lat,
            [float
        $long = null,
            [<a title="TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\string[optional]" href="../../classes/TijsVerkoyen_Twitter_string[optional].xhtml">string[optional]</a>
        $accuracy = null,
            [<a title="TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\string[optional]" href="../../classes/TijsVerkoyen_Twitter_string[optional].xhtml">string[optional]</a>
        $granularity = null,
            [<a title="TijsVerkoyen\Twitter\int[optional]" href="../../classes/TijsVerkoyen_Twitter_int[optional].xhtml">int[optional]</a>
        $maxResults = null]]]] )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$lat</code>
                —
                float</dt>
          <dd>The latitude to search around. This parameter will be ignored unless it is inside the range -90.0 to +90.0 (North is positive) inclusive. It will also be ignored if there isn't a corresponding long parameter.</dd>
          <dt><code>$long</code>
                —
                float</dt>
          <dd>The longitude to search around. The valid ranges for longitude is -180.0 to +180.0 (East is positive) inclusive. This parameter will be ignored if outside that range, if it is not a number, if geo_enabled is disabled, or if there not a corresponding lat parameter.</dd>
          <dt><code>$accuracy</code>
                —
                object</dt>
          <dd>A hint on the "region" in which to search. If a number, then this is a radius in meters, but it can also take a string that is suffixed with ft to specify feet. If this is not passed in, then it is assumed to be 0m. If coming from a device, in practice, this value is whatever accuracy the device has measuring its location (whether it be coming from a GPS, WiFi triangulation, etc.).<br/><br/><br/>      </dd>
          <dt><code>$granularity</code>
                —
                object</dt>
          <dd>This is the minimal granularity of place types to return and must be one of: poi, neighborhood, city, admin or country. If no granularity is provided for the request neighborhood is assumed. Setting this to city, for example, will find places which have a type of city, admin or country.<br/><br/><br/>      </dd>
          <dt><code>$maxResults</code>
                —
                object</dt>
          <dd>A hint as to the number of results to return. This does not guarantee that the number of results returned will equal max_results, but instead informs how many "nearby" results to return. Ideally, only pass in the number of places you intend to display to the user here.<br/><br/><br/>      </dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>array</dt>
          <dd/>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
